Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now this lecture we're going to look at how to edit and how to delete values in a dictionary.
So as you can see I've started off with some comments and the name of this program anything the leading
values in a dictionary.
So I've pretty written our dictionary here which is called terms equals integer.
And then as you can see here the value is not quite correct.
We've given our key integer a value is a number that contains a decimal place.
But as we know that is not an integer.
That's actually a float.
So what we're going to do here now is we are going to edit this.
And how do we do that.
Well first let's print this out to make sure it's right.
Print terms that get integer.
So let's make sure what we have prints out.
There we go.
It's a number that contains a decimal place.
So that's wrong.
So what we need to do is just add an end of the line here to edit the value in a dictionary.
You give the name of the dictionary which is terms along with the key in square brackets and then the
new value you want to assign to the key.
So we have terms and we are going to added our integer key or we are going to assign this is the correct
definition of an integer a whole number.
OK.
So let's run this now and see what we get.
There we go our integer k has been overwritten with a new k a whole number.
OK so that seems simple enough.
What about removing key value pairs from a dictionary.
OK let's have a look at how we do that.
Let's add in a new key value pair.
So come on let's add in a string
that's given its value a sequence of characters.
There we go.
Perfect.
Now that's print caroms
integer is a number that contains a decimal place string sequence of characters.
OK let's just remove this line for a moment.
And let's see about the leading integer.
Well we don't want a piece of information that say it in a dictionary.
We can use the delete statement to completely remove the key value pair to use a delete statement.
We need to only supplied with the name of the dictionary and the key we want to remove so our name of
the dictionary is.
Well first we get the delete statement is the name for a dictionary and we want to remove integer.
And now we want to print terms and hopefully we only get one key value pair here.
Of string and its value and there we go.
Perfect.
So I hope this helped to show you how to edit and remove key value pairs from the dictionary.
If not please don't hesitate to ask me a question in the Q&A section.
And as always thank you for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.